Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now so far we've been storing our functions in our main programs but we can go a step forward in this
by storing our functions in a separate file called a module.
We can then import that module into our main program an import statement tells Python to make the code
in our module available in the currently running program.
Storing your functions in a separate file allows you to reuse them in different programs and to also
share them out with many different developers.
So there are several ways to import a module.
And let's take a look at one now.
In this lecture we're going to look at how to import an entire module.
So as you can see here I have my comments and actually today is that tend to just change over here to
the tent so you can see that jeweled screened my ID for this lecture and we'll get that down in a few
minutes.
So the name of this lecture is our module because it's going to be our module and then importing an
entire module.
So the first thing you need to do is to create a module and how do you do that.
Well as you can see here I've come back to a previous lecture and I take it our function books available
and pasted it in here.
Now I've renamed this file sorry I've named this far because it's a new file.
I've named this file books by IPY so module is a file ending in Y and it contains the code you want
to import into your program.
So this module here now is ready to be imported.
Well it's almost ready to be imported.
We have to make a couple of small changes.
First we need to remove these two lines here and we remove those because we are going to be passing
information from our main program modules simply contains our function only so that removes them.
So as you can see now this is just our function and because we don't know how many books our main program
is going to pass need to add in the Asterix stuff so that our function will take an arbitrary number
of books from our program.
So this is now a module.
There we go.
Let's say that and if we run it nothing happens so you can see here it runs without error but it doesn't
output anything because there are no arguments passed to our books parameter.
OK so that's a module created.
So I hope that made sense now.
Make a separate file.
And I've done so here called Showbox available.
Now make a separate file and I've done so here called shoebox available and it's worth saying at this
point that both your module and your main program file have to be in the same directory.
Otherwise your program is not going to run.
So how do we import the module into a main file.
Well we start off with import and then the module name and our module name is books to buy.
OK let's see what happens if we run that nothing.
Same as if we were actually run our Mudgal.
It's empty because we haven't passed any information to a module.
So in essence our module is running from our main program.
When pliancy is the import keyword followed by the name of the module it knows to open the file box
that by P Y and copy all the functions from it into our program.
Now to actually call the function from the imported module entered the name of the module so the name
of the module is books to buy.
There we go.
And as we said at the top import books to buy.
So now we're going to tell the file that we've opened books that buy what modules we want from it and
we do what it does.
And in the name of the module books available books available.
OK there we go.
Now what happens if we just run this now.
Well let's take a look.
Nothing because again we haven't passed any information into the box parameter so let's have a look.
Fixing that now.
Then we follow our books available with brackets quotes and let's give it the name of the book Pilon
mosque.
OK.
Now we're starting to look like it's going to pass information so let's run this.
And there we go.
The falling title is available to buy.
Elon Musk OK.
Let's try adding in some more information.
The Everything Store here we go.
Let's run it again.
OK very good.
So let's just recap quickly on what we've done.
We copied and pasted a program from a previous lecture and removed everything but the actual function.
So we removed the print and the information that we're feeding into the parameters.
So once that's done that is now a module and a module is like any other pipe and program in that it's
saved with a P Y but it only contains functions.
Next we create a new file show books available duppy why we told this file that we want to import the
module books to buy.
That's the file name from our code over here from our file over here.
Then to call the actual function we set books by which is the file name.
So it's telling piping to go to this file then go to this function would in the module and insert the
following information.
The following arguments into the parameters would end the function once we do it as it runs.
OK so I hope that made sense in the next lecture will look at importing specific functions not just
the entire module.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next letter.